feat(core): include turbo into well known jsonc (#3306)
biomejs/biome: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Feature [#3306](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/pull/3306) support comments in `turbo.json`.

Reviewer: Feel free to add a `Contributed by` note

- Implement [css suppression action](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/3278). Contributed by @togami2864

> ## v1.8.3 (2024-06-27)

Reviewer: 👍

#### Enhancements

- Implement [css suppression action](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/3278). Contributed by @togami2864

> - Feature [#3306](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/pull/3306) support comments in `turbo.json`. Contributed by @Netail

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add support of comments in `turbo.json`. Contributed by @Netail
```

    1 1 │   <>
    2   │ - → <div·class={`${variable}·px-2·foo·p-4·bar`}/>
      2 │ + → <div·class={`${variable}·foo·bar·p-4·px-2`}/>

>     3 3 │    <div class={`px-2 foo p-4 bar ${variable}`}/>

Reviewer: Is the changelog formatted by some tools? Most of the new lines are okay, but I'm not sure if we want to change these indentations. Maybe you can just leave the formatting as is and only add the relative changelog entry.

Author: Reverted the formatting :)
